fieldid	question	question_new
20499	In your life, did you seek or receive help from a professional (medical doctor, psychologist, social worker, counsellor, nurse, clergy, or other helping professional) for mental distress, psychological problems or unusual experiences?	Have you ever had psychological help?
20500	In your life, have you suffered from a period of mental distress that prevented you from doing your usual activities?	Have you ever had mental health issues that prevented you from doing your usual activities?
20441	Have you ever had a time in your life lasting two weeks or more when you lost interest in most things like hobbies, work, or activities that usually give you pleasure?	Have you ever lost interest in activities that usually give you please for a period of at least two weeks?
20446	Have you ever had a time in your life when you felt sad, blue, or depressed for two weeks or more in a row?	Have you ever had a time in your life when you felt sad, blue, or depressed for at least two weeks?
20501	Have you ever had a period of time when you were feeling so good, high, excited, or hyper that other people thought you were not your normal self or you were so hyper that you got into trouble?	Have you ever had a manic period?
20502	Have you ever had a period of time when you were so irritable that you found yourself shouting at people or starting fights or arguments?	Have you ever had a period where you were very irritable?
20421	Have you ever had a period lasting one month or longer when most of the time you felt worried, tense, or anxious?	Have you ever had a period lasting one month or longer when most of the time you felt worried, tense, or anxious?
20401	Have you been addicted to or dependent on one or more things, including substances (not cigarettes/coffee) or behaviours (such as gambling)?	Have you ever had a addiction or dependency?
20463	Did you ever hear things that other people said did not exist, like strange voices coming from inside your head talking to you or about you, or voices coming out of the air when there was no one around?	Have you ever had auditory hallucinations?
20468	Did you ever believe that there was an unjust plot going on to harm you or to have people follow you, and which your family and friends did not believe existed?	Have you ever had felt that people were plotting against you or following you?
20471	Did you ever see something that wasn't really there that other people could not see?	Did you ever see something that wasn't really there that other people could not see?
20474	Did you ever believe that a strange force was trying to communicate directly with you by sending special signs or signals that you could understand but that no one else could understand (for example through the radio or television)?	Have you ever believed that you were being contacted by aliens or people on radio or tv? 
20487	When I was growing up... I felt that someone in my family hated me	When I was growing up... I felt that someone in my family hated me
20488	When I was growing up... People in my family hit me so hard that it left me with bruises or marks	When I was growing up... People in my family hit me so hard that it left me with bruises or marks
20489	When I was growing up... I felt loved	When I was growing up... I felt loved
20490	When I was growing up... Someone molested me (sexually)	When I was growing up... Someone molested me (sexually)
20491	When I was growing up... There was someone to take me to the doctor if I needed it	When I was growing up... There was someone to take me to the doctor if I needed it
20495	Next is a list of problems and complaints that people sometimes have in response to such extremely stressful experiences. Please indicate how much you have been bothered by that problem in the past month: Avoiding activities or situations because they reminded you of a stressful experience?	In the past month, how bothered have you been by you avoiding situations that reminded you of a stressful experience?
20497	Next is a list of problems and complaints that people sometimes have in response to such extremely stressful experiences. Please indicate how much you have been bothered by that problem in the past month: Repeated, disturbing memories, thoughts, or images of a stressful experience?	In the past month, how bothered have you been by repeated thoughts that reminded you of a stressful experience?
20498	Next is a list of problems and complaints that people sometimes have in response to such extremely stressful experiences. Please indicate how much you have been bothered by that problem in the past month: Feeling very upset when something reminded you of a stressful experience?	In the past month, how bothered have you been by something that reminded you of a stressful experience?
20521	Since I was sixteen... A partner or ex-partner repeatedly belittled me to the extent that I felt worthless	Since I was sixteen... A partner or ex-partner repeatedly belittled me to the extent that I felt worthless
20522	Since I was sixteen... I have been in a confiding relationship	Since I was sixteen... I have been in a confiding relationship
20523	Since I was sixteen... A partner or ex-partner deliberately hit me or used violence in any other way	Since I was sixteen... A partner or ex-partner deliberately hit me or used violence in any other way
20524	Since I was sixteen... A partner or ex-partner sexually interfered with me, or forced me to have sex against my wishes	Since I was sixteen... A partner or ex-partner sexually interfered with me, or forced me to have sex against my wishes
20525	Since I was sixteen... There was money to pay the rent or mortgage when I needed it	Since I was sixteen... There was money to pay the rent or mortgage when I needed it
20526	In your life, have you...? Been in a serious accident that you believed to be life-threatening at the time	In your life, have you...? Been in a serious accident that you believed to be life-threatening at the time
20527	In your life, have you...? Been involved in combat or exposed to a war-zone (either in the military or as a civilian)	In your life, have you...? Been involved in combat or exposed to a war-zone (either in the military or as a civilian)
20528	In your life, have you...? Been diagnosed with a life-threatening illness	In your life, have you...? Been diagnosed with a life-threatening illness
20529	In your life, have you...? Been attacked, mugged, robbed, or been the victim of a physically violent crime	In your life, have you...? Been attacked, mugged, robbed, or been the victim of a physically violent crime
20530	In your life, have you...? Witnessed a sudden violent death (eg. murder, suicide, aftermath of an accident)	In your life, have you...? Witnessed a sudden violent death (eg. murder, suicide, aftermath of an accident)
20531	In your life, have you...? Been a victim of a sexual assault, whether by a stranger or someone you knew	In your life, have you...? Been a victim of a sexual assault, whether by a stranger or someone you knew
20479	Many people have thoughts that life is not worth living. Have you felt that way?	Many people have thoughts that life is not worth living. Have you felt that way?
20480	Have you deliberately harmed yourself, whether or not you meant to end your life?	Have you deliberately harmed yourself, whether or not you meant to end your life?
20485	Have you contemplated harming yourself (for example by cutting, biting, hitting yourself or taking an overdose)?	Have you contemplated harming yourself (for example by cutting, biting, hitting yourself or taking an overdose)?
20458	In general how happy are you?	In general how happy are you?
20459	In general how happy are you with your HEALTH?	In general how happy are you with your health?
20460	To what extent do you feel your life to be meaningful?	To what extent do you feel your life to be meaningful?
20403	In the next two questions, a drink is defined as one unit of alcohol. How many drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?	How many drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
20405	Has a relative or friend or a doctor or another health worker been concerned about your drinking or suggested you cut down?	Has a relative or friend or a doctor or another health worker been concerned about your drinking?
20411	Have you or someone else been injured as a result of your drinking?	Have you or someone else been injured as a result of your drinking?
20414	How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?	How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
20416	In the next two questions, a drink is defined as one unit of alcohol. How often do you have six or more drinks on one occasion?	How often do you have six or more drinks on one occasion?
20453	Have you taken CANNABIS (marijuana, grass, hash, ganja, blow, draw, skunk, weed, spliff, dope), even if it was a long time ago?	Have you taken cannabis, even if it was a long time ago?
20425	People differ a lot in how much they worry about things. Did you ever have a time when you worried a lot more than most people would in your situation?	Did you ever have a time when you worried a lot more than most people would in your situation?